S230	40 points	Due: April 1 (no joke)

On this in 1976, Apple Inc. is formed by Steve Jobs, 
Steve Wozniak, and Ronald Wayne.

The assignment is to modify you doubly linked list hw6 such 
that link removal is managed by your own garbage collection 
system.

In other words, it's time to "take out the garbage."

Part 1:
-------
You MUST modify your hw6 such that the code for displaying
the list contents is now contained in two functions called:

    DISPLAY_INORDER(xxxx)
    DISPLAY_POSTORDER(xxxx)

Where xxxx will be whatever parameters need to be passed.

You MUST also have a routine that deletes (frees) the nodes
of the link list. This routine will get called at the end
of the program. The function will be called:

    FREE_INORDER(xxxx)

Part 2:
-------
You must now randomly determine a number of nodes to delete
and randomly determine what specific nodes to delete. You 
might want to use something like:

   number2Delete = rand() % number2Add + 3;
   for (i = 0; i < number2Delete; i++) {
       // Pick a random node (payload) to delete.
       link2Delete = (rand() % number2Add);

Part 3:
-------
For each node selected for removal, you must not yet actually
delete it from memory. Rather you will adjust your linked list 
to skip over it and use a second linked list (your trash list) to
record the node slated for deletion. You must also account for
the case where an already deleted node gets selected for removal 
again. Finally, note that "link2Delete" refers to the payload 
section. So, you will have to search the linked list to find 
the node to delete.
 

Part 4:
-------
Once you have processed/recorded all of the nodes slated for
removal, you MUST display the contents of your trash list via 
a function called:

   DISPLAY_TRASH(xxxx)

You must then you MUST free up the trash list and display the
remaining contents of the original list via calls to
  
    DISPLAY_INORDER(xxxx)
    DISPLAY_POSTORDER(xxxx)

Finally, you must call the FREE_INORDER(xxxx) function.

REQUIREMENTS:
-------------
1. Your program must run in Streibel 115/109 or on shell.aero.und.edu.

2. Your full name must appear as a comment at the beginning of your 
   program.

3. Your source code must be named hw6-yourname.c

4. Email your source (subject hw6-yourname) to rmarsh@cs.und.edu 
